PRODUCT:  Adobe(R) Type
VERSION:  All
PLATFORM:  Windows(R)
RELEASED ON:  05/27/98


Adobe Euro Fonts

ftp://ftp.adobe.com/pub/adobe/type/win/all/eurofont.exe
(172K)
ftp://ftp-pac.adobe.com/pub/adobe/type/win/all/eurofont.exe
(172K)


Most fonts that are currently in use don't include the character for the 
Euro, the European Community currency, which will begin use in January 
1999. While you will get good results from using new fonts that have Euro 
characters that were designed especially for them, the three Euro font 
families in this package provide you with a way to create the Euro 
character while you continue to use your current fonts with your current 
operating systems and applications.

This package includes the following fonts:
--  Euro Sans
--  Euro Serif
--  Euro Mono 
Each comes with four styles: Regular, Italic, Bold, and BoldItalic.  For 
each font style, every character in the font, except the Space character, 
is an identical Euro.

SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS
Any version of Adobe Type Manager for Windows

HANDLING NOTES
After downloading a ".exe" file in Windows, double-click on the ".exe" 
file to access the file's contents.

INSTALLATION NOTES
To install the Adobe Euro Fonts, use Adobe Type Manager. Refer to your 
Adobe Type Manager User Guide for instructions on installing PostScript 
Type 1 fonts.

ADDITIONAL NOTES
Select Euro Sans (without bold or italic) if you want the official Euro 
symbol. Select Euro Mono if you're using a monospaced (fixed pitch) font, 
or want a more condensed sans-serif version of the Euro. Select Euro Serif 
if you want a version that goes with many serif typefaces.

When you need the Euro character, go to your application's font menu, 
choose Euro Sans, Euro Serif, or Euro Mono and then type any letter and 
the Euro character will appear. Then, go back to your font menu and select 
your original typeface to continue working.

You can also create a Euro character with either of these shortcuts:
Shortcut 1: Enter the Euro character once, and copy it to the computer's 
clipboard. When you need it again, simply paste it in.
Shortcut 2: Type any character you want where you want the Euro to appear. 
Any time after, select that character and use the font menu in your 
application to apply to one of the Euro fonts.

Many applications have separate menus from which to choose typeface 
families and typeface styles. Most applications let you choose among 
regular, bold, and italic styles in a Style menu. Some Adobe Type Library 
packages include font software with additional style variations and stroke 
weight variations, however. To choose these variations, you need to know 
how the bold and italic styles are linked to the base typeface. For 
example, the New Caledonia typeface includes semi-bold, bold, and black 
styles. To use New Caledonia Black, you need to choose New Caledonia 
SemiBold from the application's Font menu (or equivalent), and then choose 
Bold from the Style menu (or equivalent).

If you are using a Microsoft Windows application, Ventura Publisher or 
Microsoft Word, follow the guide to typeface style selection below. (The 
Microsoft Word menu name will be as listed below but with any spaces in it 
removed.) If you are using an application other than these, refer to the 
application's documentation.

PostScript Name       Menu Name Plus Style Links   DOS Filename

EuroMono-Regular......Euro Monospace.............. _2______.PFB
EuroMono-Bold.........Euro Monospace,BOLD......... _2B_____.PFB
EuroMono-Italic.......Euro Monospace,ITALIC....... _2I_____.PFB
EuroMono-BoldItalic...Euro Monospace,BOLDITALIC... _2BI____.PFB

EuroSans-Regular......Euro Sans................... _1______.PFB
EuroSans-Bold.........Euro Sans,BOLD.............. _1B_____.PFB
EuroSans-Italic.......Euro Sans,ITALIC............ _1I_____.PFB
EuroSans-BoldItalic...Euro Sans,BOLDITALIC........ _1BI____.PFB

EuroSerif-Regular.....Euro Serif.................. _3______.PFB
EuroSerif-Bold........Euro Serif,BOLD............. _3B_____.PFB
EuroSerif-Italic......Euro Serif,ITALIC........... _3I_____.PFB
EuroSerif-BoldItalic..Euro Serif,BOLDITALIC....... _3BI____.PFB


ADOBE SYSTEMS INCORPORATED
ELECTRONIC END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT
FOR ADOBE (R) EURO FONTS

NOTICE TO USER:
THIS IS A CONTRACT.  BY INSTALLING THIS SOFTWARE YOU ACCEPT ALL THE TERMS 
AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT.

This Adobe Systems Incorporated ("Adobe") End User License Agreement 
accompanies the Adobe (R) Euro Font product and related explanatory 
materials  ("Software").  The term "Software" also shall include any 
upgrades, modified versions or updates of the Software licensed to you by 
Adobe.  Please read this Agreement carefully.  At the end, you will be 
asked to accept this agreement and continue  to install or, if you do not 
wish to accept this Agreement, to decline this agreement, in which case 
you will not be able to use the Software.

Upon your acceptance of this Agreement, Adobe grants to you a nonexclusive 
license to use the Software, provided that you agree to the following:

1. Copyright and Trademark Rights.  The Software is owned by Adobe and its 
suppliers, and its structure, organization and code are the valuable trade 
secrets of Adobe and its suppliers.  The Software also is protected by 
United States Copyright Law and International Treaty provisions. You may 
use trademarks only to identify printed output produced by the Software, 
in accordance with accepted trademark practice, including identification 
of trademark owner's name.  Such use of any trademark does not give you 
any rights of ownership in that trademark.  Except as stated above, this 
Agreement does not grant you any intellectual property rights in the 
Software.

2.  Restrictions. You agree not to modify, adapt, translate, reverse 
engineer, decompile, disassemble or otherwise attempt to discover the 
source code of the Software.  You may not copy or distribute this Software.

3.  No Warranty.  The Software is being delivered to you AS IS and Adobe 
makes no warranty as to its use or performance.  ADOBE AND ITS SUPPLIERS 
DO NOT AND CANNOT WARRANT THE PERFORMANCE OR RESULTS YOU MAY OBTAIN BY 
USING THE SOFTWARE OR DOCUMENTATION.  ADOBE AND ITS SUPPLIERS MAKE NO 
WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO NONINFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY 
RIGHTS, MERCHANTABILITY, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  IN NO 
EVENT WILL ADOBE OR ITS SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, 
INCIDENTAL OR SPECIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY LOST PROFITS OR LOST SAVINGS, 
EVEN IF AN ADOBE REPRESENTATIVE HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF 
SUCH DAMAGES, OR FOR ANY CLAIM BY ANY THIRD PARTY.  Some states or 
jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental, 
consequential or special damages, or the exclusion of implied warranties 
or limitations on how long an implied warranty may last, so the above 
limitations may not apply to you.

4.  Governing Law and General Provisions.  This Agreement will be 
governed by the laws of the State of California, U.S.A., excluding the 
application of its conflicts of law rules.  This Agreement will not be 
governed by the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the 
International Sale of Goods, the application of which is expressly 
excluded.  If any part of this Agreement is found void and unenforceable, 
it will not affect the validity of the balance of the Agreement, which 
shall remain valid and enforceable according to its terms.  You agree that 
the Software will not be shipped, transferred or exported into any country 
or used in any manner prohibited by the United States Export 
Administration Act or any other export laws, restrictions or regulations.  
This Agreement shall automatically terminate upon failure by you to comply 
with its terms.  This Agreement may only be modified in writing signed by 
an authorized officer of Adobe.

5.  Notice to Government End Users.  The Software and Documentation 
are "Commercial Items, " as that term is defined at 48 C.F.R. §2.101, 
consisting of "Commercial Computer Software" and "Commercial Computer 
Software Documentation, " as such terms are used in 48 C.F.R. §12.212 or 
48 C.F.R. §227.7202, as applicable. Consistent with 48 C.F.R. §12.212 or 
48 C.F.R. §§227.7202-1 through 227.7202-4, as applicable, the Commercial 
Computer Software and Commercial Computer Software Documentation are being 
licensed to U.S. Government end users (A) only as Commercial Items and (B) 
with only those rights as are granted to all other end users pursuant to 
the terms and conditions herein.
Unpublished-rights reserved under the copyright laws of the United States. 
Adobe Systems Incorporated, 345 Park Avenue, San Jose, CA  95110.

Adobe is a trademark of Adobe Systems Incorporated.
__________________________________
Copyright (C) 1998 Adobe Systems Incorporated. All rights reserved. Adobe 
and Adobe Type Manager are trademarks of Adobe Systems Incorporated and
may be registered in certain jurisdictions. Microsoft, MS-DOS, Windows,
Windows 95, Windows NT, and/or other Microsoft products referenced herein
are either trademarks or registered trademarks of Microsoft. All other brand 
or product names are trademarks of their respective holders.


